CompositeMap replacement tutorials (#6459)
sunpy/sunpy: changelog/6459.feature.rst

> Adds three tutorials which replace `~sunpy.map.CompositeMap` functionality.
> A fourth tutorial demonstrates how to create an RGB image with three different maps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Added three tutorials which replicate `~sunpy.map.CompositeMap` functionality (:ref:`sphx_glr_generated_gallery_plotting_AIA_HMI_composite.py`, :ref:`sphx_glr_generated_gallery_plotting_masked_composite_plot.py`, :ref:`sphx_glr_generated_gallery_plotting_three_map_composite.py`).
A fourth tutorial (:ref:`sphx_glr_generated_gallery_plotting_rgb_composite.py`) demonstrates how to create an RGB image with three different maps.
```
Hopefully is correct!
